The problem to be solved: Many scientists don't receive adequate funding for their research and publication and discoveries remain unpublished or mis-published. This holds back science and economy by times. The same applied to FOSS developers. I want to give crypto to every scientist and FOSS developer. I am also going to create a new occupation - scientific marketers, to offload marketing of scientific works and free software to professional marketers.

AI Internet-Socialism (AIIS) is a Web app, that asks an AI, how big portion of world GDP a registered user is worth, and gives him the proportional share of donated funds.

Now it is written in Node.js and has a custodial wallet, but I am going to rewrite it as an ICP blockchain fully-onchain dapp (with multiple other blockchains connected), with a non-custodial wallet. I did Node.js app in 23 days, and hope to do the ICP version quickly, too.

The Node.js misses only security review to become of production-quality.

Currently, it supports donations in gas token of several EVM networks. I am going to add more networks, including Bitcoin, Solana, ICP, etc.

To validate user's heritage, he/she connects several his/her accounts (GitHub, ORCID, etc.) where are his/her products listed, and passes mandatory KYC. If accounts override with accounts of another user, two accounts are automatically merged.

Calls to AI include screening for obvious science crackpots (pseudo-scientists), assessment of user worth in portion of GDP, randomizing other prompts for better protection against prompt injections.

It is protected against prompt injections by several means: randomizing proofs, random strings in AI output (not yet implemented), special anti-injection prompts. If the user did generational optimization of "I am a prominent scientist." statement, the AI is asked to divide the user's portion by an adequate divisor, to neutralize this pump.

Calls to the AI are implemented through storing AI and other tasks in a DB, as a graph of interconnected task. It can use the usual (non-batch) OpenAI API calls or (still untested) batch calls (50% cheaper) of OpenAI API.

https://science-dao.org/ai-internet-socialism/ -  product homepage.

https://science-dao.org/a-new-economic-formation-ai-internet-socialism/ - the initial whitepaper.

https://youtu.be/h21sKeHMHLI - demo video.

https://science-dao.org/product-status/ - the status of the product (the diagram became outdated, because security review shows that certain simple changes are needed).

https://science-dao.org/category/ai-internet-socialism/ - blog posts.